Hello? World? Did you get the memo? We’re
starting now!
[intro music]
Hey guys what’s up? It’s LDShadowLady
here, and welcome the first episode of a new
series I am starting.
Yes, it’s a Minecraft single player series,
you will notice there are a few mods in this
game,
And as you can see I obviously have Mo’
Creatures installed for the mo
Mo frikin’ cute creatures! That are just
buzzing around, like this little guy.
OMG he’s just going in circles! He must
just be excited like me!
I also have the Extra Biomes mod,
Which is going to add some really cool biomes
for me to explore.
I am currently running the Shaders mod, oh,
fell in some water there!
Which makes my Minecraft look so pretty!
Isn’t everything so shadowy and fantastic?
Ooh! I also added the Smart Moving mod, which
allows me to… [laughs] fall!
What else did I add Mr. Bear?
Ok, ok, ok, I see you there. I see… Oh!
You fell in a hole!
You… You… ahhh he can probably get out
of there.
Ohhh you are so beautiful!
[gasps]
Oh no! What was that noise? That sounded like…
Ok, I don’t care about you right now Mr.
Polarbear, but I swear to my
Dear Lord Jesus, praise the Genie that I can
hear and ogre.
Ok, maybe I’m just imagining things.
Bap beep bop be doo!
[gasps]
I saw that! I saw you do that!
I also added a mod called Harvest Craft…
Goddamn dude!
I’m trying to do something right here!
Harvest Craft is a mod that adds a load of
food items to the game,
So I can make a various plethora of different
foods like:
Nachos, burgers, french fries, and banana
nut-bread… I’m pretty sure that’s actually
in there.
So in this first episode, I’m just going
to have a wander around,
And find somewhere nice to build.
Admire the scenery, take it in.
[sniffs twice]
Sniff it.
Oh! What have we found here? We found turkey
island!
No but seriously what is this?
[makes turkey noises]
That looks like it could be a swamp over there.
Don’t like swamps. Full of crocodiles.
[gasps]
Oh I see one! Here they are!
WOAH! I just wanted to see the baby! Ok now,
we just run away.
I’m just going to jump over that huge snake
there.
Ok. Let’s just keep exploring.
Away from the crocodiles/alligators!
Oh! This is the savannah! Theres bears. Interesting.
So cute! Can I? Nope.
This place is nice! There’s some flowers
here!
And loads of this stuff. I must find out what
this is.
Oh yeah. Quicksand! Oh no.
[gasps]
I wonder if I stand in it… Oh god dude!
I am the biggest idiot in the world.
Why did I? Why did I?
Remind me never the stand in this stuff again!
[gasps]
IT’S A BLUE TREE! I must build near the
blue tree!
It reminds me of the mother tree from ChaosVille!
So perfect! But when you get up close it looks
a bit weird.
We can just stay far away.
This place is beautiful! It has a few trees,
lots of flowers, a lot of animals, a lot of
feathers.
Ooh an elephant over there? I mean who doesn’t
want an elephant in their backyard?
That’s an ass. I see an ass! I see you baby!
Shakin’ dat ass.
Shake that ass.
Ooh. It’s a bit mountainous here. Rather
mountainous.
Goats. Ooh goat mountain goats! Their mountain
goats!
I think
I want to build near here!
I really like this place. I really like this
flowery plain.
And the grass that lies within it. I really
like this place.
Ooh! It’s like a post box! Envelope box!
Where do you put the mail? Letter box!
It’s cool though. I like it! Blue tree up
there. This is a nice place.
That could be my secret bat-cave.
I’ll think about it. You know what? I will
set a Mini-Map marker.
Yep, there we go. Ok, remembered forever.
Ahh! OMG please tell me I’m… swimming!
I’M SWIMMING!
I can’t do this IRL, but I can do it in
this game!
What is that? What… A mushroom.
As the day draws to a close, so does this
episode, actually!
I still don’t know where to build my house,
but I think this is the perfect place.
So what do you guys think? Should I build
here?
I don’t want to do anything unless you guys
are happy with it.
So please leave a comment telling me if I
should build here.
If not, tell me where you wan time to build.
Like, give me a clue guys!
So I hope you enjoy this series, and make
sure to leave a like and a comment.
Ok, bye!
[outro music]